chrore(containers): fix some issues (#6538)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-containers/how-to/add-a-custom-domain-to-a-container.mdx

import image from './assets/cloudflare-root-domain-configuration.webp'

> Each container comes with an automatically generated domain, on which it is available. However, it is possible to use your own domain name to address your container to facilitate its use.

Reviewer: I'd like to improve this sentence but I want to make sure that I understand it correctly:
However, it is possible to use your own domain name to address your container to facilitate its use.

Does it mean something like this?
However, to simplify access, you are free to map your own domain name to your container.

> Each container comes with an automatically generated domain, on which it is available. However, it is possible to use your own domain name to address your container to facilitate its use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each container comes with an automatically generated domain, on which it is available. However, to simplify access, you are free to map your own domain name to your container.
```

> Each container comes with an automatically generated domain, on which it is available. However, it is possible to use your own domain name to address your container to facilitate their use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each container comes with an automatically generated domain, on which it is available. However, it is possible to use your own domain name to address your container to facilitate its use.
```
